Adds modules to begin work on MicroShift (#52743)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_sno/installing-microshift-on-rhel.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installing-microshift-on-rhel"]
= Installing MicroShift on {op-system-first}
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: microshift-installation-overview

> To install MicroShift in a production-like environment, you must create a {op-system} ISO installer that includes the necessary components pre-loaded on the image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install MicroShift in a production-like environment, you will usually create a {op-system} ISO installer that includes the necessary components pre-loaded on the image. 
```

Having a system image is not an absolute requirement, but it's the most common way we expect for edge deployments.
